So next subject, we have the topic of roles.
A role is merely a collection of tasks that are designed to perform
some common activity and this may seem misleading,
but when we say tasks,
that also includes templates, vars and files.
Ansible is very smart in the way that it lays out its directory structure.
You have at the lowest level,
your root level configurations and then you have a sub-directory roles,
and roles contains all of your differently named roles.
They ought to be unique and each role contains its own tasks,
templates, vars, and files,
and so it makes organizationally things work pretty well.
When you are in the process of working on a root level playbook,
you need to include roles and one of the means of doing
so is with a task and with the include role module.
So we have this here for a role that is creating the Vault Service,
which is a HashiCorp product.